everybody welcome to jail be sports TV i
am just block in today's video I'm not
talking about Liverpool Football I'm not
providing any now since I'm not ranting
i'm not talking about players i'm asking
for help from you guys the jail be
sports TV community that people watch my
videos and my fans I need help from you
guys as you guys probably know i'm in
college i'm studying Sport Management
and I've just got this assignment in one
of my classes called organizations and
sports when the assignment reads by the
way it's twenty-five percent of my grade
so keep that in mind the assignment
grades each student will slip a sports
organization they would like to
investigate the research will include an
investigation of organizational
positioning within the sports community
as well as history mission goal
structure and current challenges these
topics will be discussed within the
first two weeks of class blah blah blah
but this is the part where I guys I need
your help on this part the research for
this paper will be much of a hint of a
student conducted any view of a manager
who works within the organization the
paper must inform the reader about the
organization but also reflects the
challenges of the organization and
current sports social and economic
landscape the analysis must be provided
the instructor in hard copy format so i
don't know if you got it and that part
but i need to get an interview now I
talked to Professor it doesn't have to
be I want to get into it with Kenny dad
nature Damien Comolli or John Henry per
se but it has to be somebody that works
within the organization would be nice to
get some beer or maybe works in the
financing or front of office department
sure but it really can beat anybody and
I mean anybody that works in with
Liverpool could be a groundskeeper it
could be somebody worsley gift shop
preferably like I said front office
person or a manager at Liverpool in the
front office that'd be great but anybody
that works at Liverpool I need to get an
interview with so if you guys at all
know anybody or maybe if you are one
that works for Liverpool that would be
interested and I'm getting interviewed
by me either by phone or over email
please let me know send me a message
leave some comments hit my email address
my email is j block 49 @ gmail.com tweet
me i'm at j block 49 leave a message on
my wall just get in contact with me
somehow because it'd be really really
helpful if i can get an interview with
somebody inside of Liverpool for this
paper
basically the questions I'd be asking
you or or the person I'd be interviewing
where how do you like working for
Liverpool what's it like working for
real Liverpool just really broad
questions on the organization and
structure of Liverpool and how the
business of lopaka works because we know
although at the end of the day Liverpool
Football Club is a business and if
anybody can actually put me in contact
with them I will promote your channel or
whatever cause you have no end you will
get a shout out shout out shout outs um
I don't know you get an undying love for
me for the rest of time or at least
until the end of my term also that's
part of a research component to this
project i need to you know get more in
touch with liverpool learn more about
their history we're learning more about
the structure of the organization so if
you could recommend any Liverpool books
that would have helped me with this
assignment at all that'd be very very
helpful i'll post a you know just a
little blurred with the assignment at
the end of the video if you guys want to
help me out so you know what kind of
books you should recommend to me but um
basically i'm out here asking for help
from you guys this is something that i
probably I could do on my own but it'd
be much better and I know I could do a
much better job if I get the help from
the community and the Liverpool
community so that's the opportunity i'll
be sports TV i'm justin block once again
if you know anybody that can help me out
and let me know thanks guys